c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\bin\Debug\New Premier FitnessGym System.exe.config
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\bin\Debug\PremierFitnessDatabase.mdf
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\bin\Debug\PremierFitnessDatabase_log.ldf
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\bin\Debug\New Premier FitnessGym System.exe
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\bin\Debug\New Premier FitnessGym System.pdb
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New Premier FitnessGym System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.StaffLogin.resources
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New Premier FitnessGym System.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New Premier FitnessGym System.exe
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New Premier FitnessGym System.pdb
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.StaffRegisteredList.resources
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.StaffRegistration.resources
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\bin\Debug\bin\Debug\PremierFitnessDatabase.mdf
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\bin\Debug\bin\Debug\PremierFitnessDatabase_log.ldf
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\bin\Debug\bin\Debug\bin\Debug\PremierFitnessDatabase.mdf
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\bin\Debug\bin\Debug\bin\Debug\PremierFitnessDatabase_log.ldf
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.GymMembersList.resources
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.GymMembersRegistration.resources
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.SelectionPage.resources
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.TutorList.resources
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.TutorsRegistration.resources
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.Classes.resources
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.ClassList.resources
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.Assignedmembers.resources
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.AssignedTutos.resources
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.AssignMembers.resources
c:\users\metrosoft\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.AssignTutors.resources
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\bin\Debug\New Premier FitnessGym System.exe.config
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New Premier FitnessGym System.exe
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New Premier FitnessGym System.pdb
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\bin\Debug\PremierFitnessDatabase.mdf
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\bin\Debug\PremierFitnessDatabase_log.ldf
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\bin\Debug\bin\Debug\bin\Debug\PremierFitnessDatabase.mdf
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\bin\Debug\bin\Debug\bin\Debug\PremierFitnessDatabase_log.ldf
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\bin\Debug\bin\Debug\PremierFitnessDatabase.mdf
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\bin\Debug\bin\Debug\PremierFitnessDatabase_log.ldf
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\bin\Debug\New Premier FitnessGym System.exe
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\bin\Debug\New Premier FitnessGym System.pdb
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New Premier FitnessGym System.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.Assignedmembers.resources
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.AssignedTutos.resources
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.AssignMembers.resources
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.AssignTutors.resources
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.Classes.resources
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.ClassList.resources
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.GymMembersList.resources
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.GymMembersRegistration.resources
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.SelectionPage.resources
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.StaffLogin.resources
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.StaffRegisteredList.resources
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.StaffRegistration.resources
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.TutorList.resources
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New_Premier_FitnessGym_System.TutorsRegistration.resources
C:\Users\Metrosoft\Desktop\Computing Assignment\New Premier FitnessGym System\New Premier FitnessGym System\obj\Debug\New Premier FitnessGym System.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
